The city of Naples was chosen
as the host city
for the 30th edition of a sports event
known as the Universiade.
The event took place from July 3 to 14, 2019,
and the participants were university athletes
from all over the world.
Public witnessing carts were organized
in areas of the city
where the majority of visitors and athletes
would visit.
One thousand two hundred and twenty-five
brothers and sisters in all
took part in this initiative.
The enthusiasm of our brothers and sisters,
along with Jehovah’s blessing,
yielded excellent results.
About 15 Chinese athletes approached us
as soon as they recognized
the logo of our website.
One of them even said, “Ah, this is Jehovah!”
And that allowed for a nice conversation.
The brothers spent
a total of 6,000 hours witnessing,
had 1,640 Bible-based conversations,
and placed 1,456 publications.
The brothers in Naples continue
“without letup
teaching and declaring the good news”
at every opportunity.